message_history is [{'content': 'You are an expert AI software engineering agent.\n\nFile Path Rule: All tools that take a `file_path` as an argument require an 
**absolute path**. You MUST construct the full, absolute path by combining the `[Project root path]` provided in the user\'s message with the file\'s path inside
the project.\n\nFor example, if the project root is `/home/user/my_project` and you need to edit `src/main.py`, the correct `file_path` argument is 
`/home/user/my_project/src/main.py`. Do NOT use relative paths like `src/main.py`.\n\nYour primary goal is to resolve a given GitHub issue by navigating the 
provided codebase, identifying the root cause of the bug, implementing a robust fix, and ensuring your changes are safe and well-tested.\n\nFollow these steps 
methodically:\n\n1.  Understand the Problem:\n    - Begin by carefully reading the user\'s problem description to fully grasp the issue.\n    - Identify the core
components and expected behavior.\n\n2.  Explore and Locate:\n    - Use the available tools to explore the codebase.\n    - Locate the most relevant files 
(source code, tests, examples) related to the bug report.\n\n3.  Reproduce the Bug (Crucial Step):\n    - Before making any changes, you **must** create a script
or a test case that reliably reproduces the bug. This will be your baseline for verification.\n    - Analyze the output of your reproduction script to confirm 
your understanding of the bug\'s manifestation.\n\n4.  Debug and Diagnose:\n    - Inspect the relevant code sections you identified.\n    - If necessary, create 
debugging scripts with print statements or use other methods to trace the execution flow and pinpoint the exact root cause of the bug.\n\n5.  Develop and 
Implement a Fix:\n    - Once you have identified the root cause, develop a precise and targeted code modification to fix it.\n    - Use the provided file editing
tools to apply your patch. Aim for minimal, clean changes.\n\n6.  Verify and Test Rigorously:\n    - Verify the Fix: Run your initial reproduction script to 
confirm that the bug is resolved.\n    - Prevent Regressions: Execute the existing test suite for the modified files and related components to ensure your fix 
has not introduced any new bugs.\n    - Write New Tests: Create new, specific test cases (e.g., using `pytest`) that cover the original bug scenario. This is 
essential to prevent the bug from recurring in the future. Add these tests to the codebase.\n    - Consider Edge Cases: Think about and test potential edge cases
related to your changes.\n\n7.  Summarize Your Work:\n    - Conclude your trajectory with a clear and concise summary. Explain the nature of the bug, the logic 
of your fix, and the steps you took to verify its correctness and safety.\n\n**Guiding Principle:** Act like a senior software engineer. Prioritize correctness, 
safety, and high-quality, test-driven development.\n\n# GUIDE FOR HOW TO USE "sequential_thinking" TOOL:\n- Your thinking should be thorough and so it\'s fine if
it\'s very long. Set total_thoughts to at least 5, but setting it up to 25 is fine as well. You\'ll need more total thoughts when you are considering multiple 
possible solutions or root causes for an issue.\n- Use this tool as much as you find necessary to improve the quality of your answers.\n- You can run bash 
commands (like tests, a reproduction script, or \'grep\'/\'find\' to find relevant context) in between thoughts.\n- The sequential_thinking tool can help you 
break down complex problems, analyze issues step-by-step, and ensure a thorough approach to problem-solving.\n- Don\'t hesitate to use it multiple times 
throughout your thought process to enhance the depth and accuracy of your solutions.\n\nIf you are sure the issue has been solved, you should call the 
`task_done` to finish the task.\n', 'role': 'system'}, {'content': "[Project root path]:\n/home/ruihe/trae-agent\n\n[Problem statement]: We're currently solving 
the following issue within our repository. Here's the issue text:\n请你解释python中协程编原理\n", 'role': 'user'}]

llm_response is LLMResponse(content='', usage=LLMUsage(input_tokens=3439, output_tokens=128, cache_creation_input_tokens=0, cache_read_input_tokens=0, 
reasoning_tokens=0), model='deepseek-chat', finish_reason='tool_calls', tool_calls=[ToolCall(name='sequentialthinking', 
call_id='call_0_a59dab00-74ae-4090-bcf7-f329372242a7', arguments={'thought': 'The issue is asking for an explanation of the principles of coroutine programming 
in Python. This is a conceptual question rather than a bug fix or feature implementation. My task is to provide a clear and accurate explanation of how 
coroutines work in Python, including their underlying principles and usage.', 'next_thought_needed': True, 'thought_number': 1, 'total_thoughts': 5, 
'is_revision': False, 'revises_thought': 0, 'branch_from_thought': 0, 'branch_id': 'main', 'needs_more_thoughts': False}, id=None)])

message_history is [{'content': 'You are an expert AI software engineering agent.\n\nFile Path Rule: All tools that take a `file_path` as an argument require an 
**absolute path**. You MUST construct the full, absolute path by combining the `[Project root path]` provided in the user\'s message with the file\'s path inside
the project.\n\nFor example, if the project root is `/home/user/my_project` and you need to edit `src/main.py`, the correct `file_path` argument is 
`/home/user/my_project/src/main.py`. Do NOT use relative paths like `src/main.py`.\n\nYour primary goal is to resolve a given GitHub issue by navigating the 
provided codebase, identifying the root cause of the bug, implementing a robust fix, and ensuring your changes are safe and well-tested.\n\nFollow these steps 
methodically:\n\n1.  Understand the Problem:\n    - Begin by carefully reading the user\'s problem description to fully grasp the issue.\n    - Identify the core
components and expected behavior.\n\n2.  Explore and Locate:\n    - Use the available tools to explore the codebase.\n    - Locate the most relevant files 
(source code, tests, examples) related to the bug report.\n\n3.  Reproduce the Bug (Crucial Step):\n    - Before making any changes, you **must** create a script
or a test case that reliably reproduces the bug. This will be your baseline for verification.\n    - Analyze the output of your reproduction script to confirm 
your understanding of the bug\'s manifestation.\n\n4.  Debug and Diagnose:\n    - Inspect the relevant code sections you identified.\n    - If necessary, create 
debugging scripts with print statements or use other methods to trace the execution flow and pinpoint the exact root cause of the bug.\n\n5.  Develop and 
Implement a Fix:\n    - Once you have identified the root cause, develop a precise and targeted code modification to fix it.\n    - Use the provided file editing
tools to apply your patch. Aim for minimal, clean changes.\n\n6.  Verify and Test Rigorously:\n    - Verify the Fix: Run your initial reproduction script to 
confirm that the bug is resolved.\n    - Prevent Regressions: Execute the existing test suite for the modified files and related components to ensure your fix 
has not introduced any new bugs.\n    - Write New Tests: Create new, specific test cases (e.g., using `pytest`) that cover the original bug scenario. This is 
essential to prevent the bug from recurring in the future. Add these tests to the codebase.\n    - Consider Edge Cases: Think about and test potential edge cases
related to your changes.\n\n7.  Summarize Your Work:\n    - Conclude your trajectory with a clear and concise summary. Explain the nature of the bug, the logic 
of your fix, and the steps you took to verify its correctness and safety.\n\n**Guiding Principle:** Act like a senior software engineer. Prioritize correctness, 
safety, and high-quality, test-driven development.\n\n# GUIDE FOR HOW TO USE "sequential_thinking" TOOL:\n- Your thinking should be thorough and so it\'s fine if
it\'s very long. Set total_thoughts to at least 5, but setting it up to 25 is fine as well. You\'ll need more total thoughts when you are considering multiple 
possible solutions or root causes for an issue.\n- Use this tool as much as you find necessary to improve the quality of your answers.\n- You can run bash 
commands (like tests, a reproduction script, or \'grep\'/\'find\' to find relevant context) in between thoughts.\n- The sequential_thinking tool can help you 
break down complex problems, analyze issues step-by-step, and ensure a thorough approach to problem-solving.\n- Don\'t hesitate to use it multiple times 
throughout your thought process to enhance the depth and accuracy of your solutions.\n\nIf you are sure the issue has been solved, you should call the 
`task_done` to finish the task.\n', 'role': 'system'}, {'content': "[Project root path]:\n/home/ruihe/trae-agent\n\n[Problem statement]: We're currently solving 
the following issue within our repository. Here's the issue text:\n请你解释python中协程编原理\n", 'role': 'user'}, {'role': 'assistant', 'content': '', 
'tool_calls': [{'id': 'call_0_a59dab00-74ae-4090-bcf7-f329372242a7', 'function': {'name': 'sequentialthinking', 'arguments': '{"thought": "The issue is asking 
for an explanation of the principles of coroutine programming in Python. This is a conceptual question rather than a bug fix or feature implementation. My task 
is to provide a clear and accurate explanation of how coroutines work in Python, including their underlying principles and usage.", "next_thought_needed": true, 
"thought_number": 1, "total_thoughts": 5, "is_revision": false, "revises_thought": 0, "branch_from_thought": 0, "branch_id": "main", "needs_more_thoughts": 
false}'}, 'type': 'function'}]}, {'content': 'Sequential thinking step completed.\n\nStatus:\n{\n  "thought_number": 1,\n  "total_thoughts": 5,\n  
"next_thought_needed": true,\n  "branches": [],\n  "thought_history_length": 1\n}', 'role': 'tool', 'tool_call_id': 
'call_0_a59dab00-74ae-4090-bcf7-f329372242a7'}]

llm_response is LLMResponse(content='', usage=LLMUsage(input_tokens=3638, output_tokens=164, cache_creation_input_tokens=0, cache_read_input_tokens=0, 
reasoning_tokens=0), model='deepseek-chat', finish_reason='tool_calls', tool_calls=[ToolCall(name='sequentialthinking', 
call_id='call_0_dfd8f0cb-771e-4469-9994-d5eb90ba9c6b', arguments={'thought': "First, I need to clarify what coroutines are in Python. Coroutines are a 
generalization of subroutines (functions) that allow for non-preemptive multitasking. They can pause and resume execution at certain points, making them useful 
for asynchronous programming. Python's coroutines are built on top of generators and the `async`/`await` syntax introduced in Python 3.5.", 
'next_thought_needed': True, 'thought_number': 2, 'total_thoughts': 5, 'is_revision': False, 'revises_thought': 0, 'branch_from_thought': 0, 'branch_id': 'main',
'needs_more_thoughts': False}, id=None)])

message_history is [{'content': 'You are an expert AI software engineering agent.\n\nFile Path Rule: All tools that take a `file_path` as an argument require an 
**absolute path**. You MUST construct the full, absolute path by combining the `[Project root path]` provided in the user\'s message with the file\'s path inside
the project.\n\nFor example, if the project root is `/home/user/my_project` and you need to edit `src/main.py`, the correct `file_path` argument is 
`/home/user/my_project/src/main.py`. Do NOT use relative paths like `src/main.py`.\n\nYour primary goal is to resolve a given GitHub issue by navigating the 
provided codebase, identifying the root cause of the bug, implementing a robust fix, and ensuring your changes are safe and well-tested.\n\nFollow these steps 
methodically:\n\n1.  Understand the Problem:\n    - Begin by carefully reading the user\'s problem description to fully grasp the issue.\n    - Identify the core
components and expected behavior.\n\n2.  Explore and Locate:\n    - Use the available tools to explore the codebase.\n    - Locate the most relevant files 
(source code, tests, examples) related to the bug report.\n\n3.  Reproduce the Bug (Crucial Step):\n    - Before making any changes, you **must** create a script
or a test case that reliably reproduces the bug. This will be your baseline for verification.\n    - Analyze the output of your reproduction script to confirm 
your understanding of the bug\'s manifestation.\n\n4.  Debug and Diagnose:\n    - Inspect the relevant code sections you identified.\n    - If necessary, create 
debugging scripts with print statements or use other methods to trace the execution flow and pinpoint the exact root cause of the bug.\n\n5.  Develop and 
Implement a Fix:\n    - Once you have identified the root cause, develop a precise and targeted code modification to fix it.\n    - Use the provided file editing
tools to apply your patch. Aim for minimal, clean changes.\n\n6.  Verify and Test Rigorously:\n    - Verify the Fix: Run your initial reproduction script to 
confirm that the bug is resolved.\n    - Prevent Regressions: Execute the existing test suite for the modified files and related components to ensure your fix 
has not introduced any new bugs.\n    - Write New Tests: Create new, specific test cases (e.g., using `pytest`) that cover the original bug scenario. This is 
essential to prevent the bug from recurring in the future. Add these tests to the codebase.\n    - Consider Edge Cases: Think about and test potential edge cases
related to your changes.\n\n7.  Summarize Your Work:\n    - Conclude your trajectory with a clear and concise summary. Explain the nature of the bug, the logic 
of your fix, and the steps you took to verify its correctness and safety.\n\n**Guiding Principle:** Act like a senior software engineer. Prioritize correctness, 
safety, and high-quality, test-driven development.\n\n# GUIDE FOR HOW TO USE "sequential_thinking" TOOL:\n- Your thinking should be thorough and so it\'s fine if
it\'s very long. Set total_thoughts to at least 5, but setting it up to 25 is fine as well. You\'ll need more total thoughts when you are considering multiple 
possible solutions or root causes for an issue.\n- Use this tool as much as you find necessary to improve the quality of your answers.\n- You can run bash 
commands (like tests, a reproduction script, or \'grep\'/\'find\' to find relevant context) in between thoughts.\n- The sequential_thinking tool can help you 
break down complex problems, analyze issues step-by-step, and ensure a thorough approach to problem-solving.\n- Don\'t hesitate to use it multiple times 
throughout your thought process to enhance the depth and accuracy of your solutions.\n\nIf you are sure the issue has been solved, you should call the 
`task_done` to finish the task.\n', 'role': 'system'}, {'content': "[Project root path]:\n/home/ruihe/trae-agent\n\n[Problem statement]: We're currently solving 
the following issue within our repository. Here's the issue text:\n请你解释python中协程编原理\n", 'role': 'user'}, {'role': 'assistant', 'content': '', 
'tool_calls': [{'id': 'call_0_a59dab00-74ae-4090-bcf7-f329372242a7', 'function': {'name': 'sequentialthinking', 'arguments': '{"thought": "The issue is asking 
for an explanation of the principles of coroutine programming in Python. This is a conceptual question rather than a bug fix or feature implementation. My task 
is to provide a clear and accurate explanation of how coroutines work in Python, including their underlying principles and usage.", "next_thought_needed": true, 
"thought_number": 1, "total_thoughts": 5, "is_revision": false, "revises_thought": 0, "branch_from_thought": 0, "branch_id": "main", "needs_more_thoughts": 
false}'}, 'type': 'function'}]}, {'content': 'Sequential thinking step completed.\n\nStatus:\n{\n  "thought_number": 1,\n  "total_thoughts": 5,\n  
"next_thought_needed": true,\n  "branches": [],\n  "thought_history_length": 1\n}', 'role': 'tool', 'tool_call_id': 
'call_0_a59dab00-74ae-4090-bcf7-f329372242a7'}, {'role': 'assistant', 'content': '', 'tool_calls': [{'id': 'call_0_dfd8f0cb-771e-4469-9994-d5eb90ba9c6b', 
'function': {'name': 'sequentialthinking', 'arguments': '{"thought": "First, I need to clarify what coroutines are in Python. Coroutines are a generalization of 
subroutines (functions) that allow for non-preemptive multitasking. They can pause and resume execution at certain points, making them useful for asynchronous 
programming. Python\'s coroutines are built on top of generators and the `async`/`await` syntax introduced in Python 3.5.", "next_thought_needed": true, 
"thought_number": 2, "total_thoughts": 5, "is_revision": false, "revises_thought": 0, "branch_from_thought": 0, "branch_id": "main", "needs_more_thoughts": 
false}'}, 'type': 'function'}]}, {'content': 'Sequential thinking step completed.\n\nStatus:\n{\n  "thought_number": 2,\n  "total_thoughts": 5,\n  
"next_thought_needed": true,\n  "branches": [],\n  "thought_history_length": 2\n}', 'role': 'tool', 'tool_call_id': 
'call_0_dfd8f0cb-771e-4469-9994-d5eb90ba9c6b'}]

llm_response is LLMResponse(content='', usage=LLMUsage(input_tokens=3860, output_tokens=155, cache_creation_input_tokens=0, cache_read_input_tokens=0, 
reasoning_tokens=0), model='deepseek-chat', finish_reason='tool_calls', tool_calls=[ToolCall(name='sequentialthinking', 
call_id='call_0_8e7f719d-721a-46f4-89b2-cf9b2290c8ab', arguments={'thought': "Next, I should explain the underlying mechanism of coroutines in Python. Coroutines
rely on the concept of 'yielding' control, similar to generators. When a coroutine encounters an `await` expression, it suspends execution and yields control 
back to the event loop, which can then schedule other coroutines. This allows for cooperative multitasking.", 'next_thought_needed': True, 'thought_number': 3, 
'total_thoughts': 5, 'is_revision': False, 'revises_thought': 0, 'branch_from_thought': 0, 'branch_id': 'main', 'needs_more_thoughts': False}, id=None)])

message_history is [{'content': 'You are an expert AI software engineering agent.\n\nFile Path Rule: All tools that take a `file_path` as an argument require an 
**absolute path**. You MUST construct the full, absolute path by combining the `[Project root path]` provided in the user\'s message with the file\'s path inside
the project.\n\nFor example, if the project root is `/home/user/my_project` and you need to edit `src/main.py`, the correct `file_path` argument is 
`/home/user/my_project/src/main.py`. Do NOT use relative paths like `src/main.py`.\n\nYour primary goal is to resolve a given GitHub issue by navigating the 
provided codebase, identifying the root cause of the bug, implementing a robust fix, and ensuring your changes are safe and well-tested.\n\nFollow these steps 
methodically:\n\n1.  Understand the Problem:\n    - Begin by carefully reading the user\'s problem description to fully grasp the issue.\n    - Identify the core
components and expected behavior.\n\n2.  Explore and Locate:\n    - Use the available tools to explore the codebase.\n    - Locate the most relevant files 
(source code, tests, examples) related to the bug report.\n\n3.  Reproduce the Bug (Crucial Step):\n    - Before making any changes, you **must** create a script
or a test case that reliably reproduces the bug. This will be your baseline for verification.\n    - Analyze the output of your reproduction script to confirm 
your understanding of the bug\'s manifestation.\n\n4.  Debug and Diagnose:\n    - Inspect the relevant code sections you identified.\n    - If necessary, create 
debugging scripts with print statements or use other methods to trace the execution flow and pinpoint the exact root cause of the bug.\n\n5.  Develop and 
Implement a Fix:\n    - Once you have identified the root cause, develop a precise and targeted code modification to fix it.\n    - Use the provided file editing
tools to apply your patch. Aim for minimal, clean changes.\n\n6.  Verify and Test Rigorously:\n    - Verify the Fix: Run your initial reproduction script to 
confirm that the bug is resolved.\n    - Prevent Regressions: Execute the existing test suite for the modified files and related components to ensure your fix 
has not introduced any new bugs.\n    - Write New Tests: Create new, specific test cases (e.g., using `pytest`) that cover the original bug scenario. This is 
essential to prevent the bug from recurring in the future. Add these tests to the codebase.\n    - Consider Edge Cases: Think about and test potential edge cases
related to your changes.\n\n7.  Summarize Your Work:\n    - Conclude your trajectory with a clear and concise summary. Explain the nature of the bug, the logic 
of your fix, and the steps you took to verify its correctness and safety.\n\n**Guiding Principle:** Act like a senior software engineer. Prioritize correctness, 
safety, and high-quality, test-driven development.\n\n# GUIDE FOR HOW TO USE "sequential_thinking" TOOL:\n- Your thinking should be thorough and so it\'s fine if
it\'s very long. Set total_thoughts to at least 5, but setting it up to 25 is fine as well. You\'ll need more total thoughts when you are considering multiple 
possible solutions or root causes for an issue.\n- Use this tool as much as you find necessary to improve the quality of your answers.\n- You can run bash 
commands (like tests, a reproduction script, or \'grep\'/\'find\' to find relevant context) in between thoughts.\n- The sequential_thinking tool can help you 
break down complex problems, analyze issues step-by-step, and ensure a thorough approach to problem-solving.\n- Don\'t hesitate to use it multiple times 
throughout your thought process to enhance the depth and accuracy of your solutions.\n\nIf you are sure the issue has been solved, you should call the 
`task_done` to finish the task.\n', 'role': 'system'}, {'content': "[Project root path]:\n/home/ruihe/trae-agent\n\n[Problem statement]: We're currently solving 
the following issue within our repository. Here's the issue text:\n请你解释python中协程编原理\n", 'role': 'user'}, {'role': 'assistant', 'content': '', 
'tool_calls': [{'id': 'call_0_a59dab00-74ae-4090-bcf7-f329372242a7', 'function': {'name': 'sequentialthinking', 'arguments': '{"thought": "The issue is asking 
for an explanation of the principles of coroutine programming in Python. This is a conceptual question rather than a bug fix or feature implementation. My task 
is to provide a clear and accurate explanation of how coroutines work in Python, including their underlying principles and usage.", "next_thought_needed": true, 
"thought_number": 1, "total_thoughts": 5, "is_revision": false, "revises_thought": 0, "branch_from_thought": 0, "branch_id": "main", "needs_more_thoughts": 
false}'}, 'type': 'function'}]}, {'content': 'Sequential thinking step completed.\n\nStatus:\n{\n  "thought_number": 1,\n  "total_thoughts": 5,\n  
"next_thought_needed": true,\n  "branches": [],\n  "thought_history_length": 1\n}', 'role': 'tool', 'tool_call_id': 
'call_0_a59dab00-74ae-4090-bcf7-f329372242a7'}, {'role': 'assistant', 'content': '', 'tool_calls': [{'id': 'call_0_dfd8f0cb-771e-4469-9994-d5eb90ba9c6b', 
'function': {'name': 'sequentialthinking', 'arguments': '{"thought": "First, I need to clarify what coroutines are in Python. Coroutines are a generalization of 
subroutines (functions) that allow for non-preemptive multitasking. They can pause and resume execution at certain points, making them useful for asynchronous 
programming. Python\'s coroutines are built on top of generators and the `async`/`await` syntax introduced in Python 3.5.", "next_thought_needed": true, 
"thought_number": 2, "total_thoughts": 5, "is_revision": false, "revises_thought": 0, "branch_from_thought": 0, "branch_id": "main", "needs_more_thoughts": 
false}'}, 'type': 'function'}]}, {'content': 'Sequential thinking step completed.\n\nStatus:\n{\n  "thought_number": 2,\n  "total_thoughts": 5,\n  
"next_thought_needed": true,\n  "branches": [],\n  "thought_history_length": 2\n}', 'role': 'tool', 'tool_call_id': 
'call_0_dfd8f0cb-771e-4469-9994-d5eb90ba9c6b'}, {'role': 'assistant', 'content': '', 'tool_calls': [{'id': 'call_0_8e7f719d-721a-46f4-89b2-cf9b2290c8ab', 
'function': {'name': 'sequentialthinking', 'arguments': '{"thought": "Next, I should explain the underlying mechanism of coroutines in Python. Coroutines rely on
the concept of \'yielding\' control, similar to generators. When a coroutine encounters an `await` expression, it suspends execution and yields control back to 
the event loop, which can then schedule other coroutines. This allows for cooperative multitasking.", "next_thought_needed": true, "thought_number": 3, 
"total_thoughts": 5, "is_revision": false, "revises_thought": 0, "branch_from_thought": 0, "branch_id": "main", "needs_more_thoughts": false}'}, 'type': 
'function'}]}, {'content': 'Sequential thinking step completed.\n\nStatus:\n{\n  "thought_number": 3,\n  "total_thoughts": 5,\n  "next_thought_needed": true,\n  
"branches": [],\n  "thought_history_length": 3\n}', 'role': 'tool', 'tool_call_id': 'call_0_8e7f719d-721a-46f4-89b2-cf9b2290c8ab'}]

llm_response is LLMResponse(content='', usage=LLMUsage(input_tokens=4073, output_tokens=148, cache_creation_input_tokens=0, cache_read_input_tokens=0, 
reasoning_tokens=0), model='deepseek-chat', finish_reason='tool_calls', tool_calls=[ToolCall(name='sequentialthinking', 
call_id='call_0_ba1902ab-ed49-4e94-9d5b-9cd0b10281fd', arguments={'thought': 'I should also mention the role of the event loop in coroutine programming. The 
event loop is the central executor of asynchronous tasks. It manages the execution of coroutines, schedules them, and handles I/O operations efficiently. 
Libraries like `asyncio` provide the infrastructure for running coroutines in an event loop.', 'next_thought_needed': True, 'thought_number': 4, 
'total_thoughts': 5, 'is_revision': False, 'revises_thought': 0, 'branch_from_thought': 0, 'branch_id': 'main', 'needs_more_thoughts': False}, id=None)])

message_history is [{'content': 'You are an expert AI software engineering agent.\n\nFile Path Rule: All tools that take a `file_path` as an argument require an 
**absolute path**. You MUST construct the full, absolute path by combining the `[Project root path]` provided in the user\'s message with the file\'s path inside
the project.\n\nFor example, if the project root is `/home/user/my_project` and you need to edit `src/main.py`, the correct `file_path` argument is 
`/home/user/my_project/src/main.py`. Do NOT use relative paths like `src/main.py`.\n\nYour primary goal is to resolve a given GitHub issue by navigating the 
provided codebase, identifying the root cause of the bug, implementing a robust fix, and ensuring your changes are safe and well-tested.\n\nFollow these steps 
methodically:\n\n1.  Understand the Problem:\n    - Begin by carefully reading the user\'s problem description to fully grasp the issue.\n    - Identify the core
components and expected behavior.\n\n2.  Explore and Locate:\n    - Use the available tools to explore the codebase.\n    - Locate the most relevant files 
(source code, tests, examples) related to the bug report.\n\n3.  Reproduce the Bug (Crucial Step):\n    - Before making any changes, you **must** create a script
or a test case that reliably reproduces the bug. This will be your baseline for verification.\n    - Analyze the output of your reproduction script to confirm 
your understanding of the bug\'s manifestation.\n\n4.  Debug and Diagnose:\n    - Inspect the relevant code sections you identified.\n    - If necessary, create 
debugging scripts with print statements or use other methods to trace the execution flow and pinpoint the exact root cause of the bug.\n\n5.  Develop and 
Implement a Fix:\n    - Once you have identified the root cause, develop a precise and targeted code modification to fix it.\n    - Use the provided file editing
tools to apply your patch. Aim for minimal, clean changes.\n\n6.  Verify and Test Rigorously:\n    - Verify the Fix: Run your initial reproduction script to 
confirm that the bug is resolved.\n    - Prevent Regressions: Execute the existing test suite for the modified files and related components to ensure your fix 
has not introduced any new bugs.\n    - Write New Tests: Create new, specific test cases (e.g., using `pytest`) that cover the original bug scenario. This is 
essential to prevent the bug from recurring in the future. Add these tests to the codebase.\n    - Consider Edge Cases: Think about and test potential edge cases
related to your changes.\n\n7.  Summarize Your Work:\n    - Conclude your trajectory with a clear and concise summary. Explain the nature of the bug, the logic 
of your fix, and the steps you took to verify its correctness and safety.\n\n**Guiding Principle:** Act like a senior software engineer. Prioritize correctness, 
safety, and high-quality, test-driven development.\n\n# GUIDE FOR HOW TO USE "sequential_thinking" TOOL:\n- Your thinking should be thorough and so it\'s fine if
it\'s very long. Set total_thoughts to at least 5, but setting it up to 25 is fine as well. You\'ll need more total thoughts when you are considering multiple 
possible solutions or root causes for an issue.\n- Use this tool as much as you find necessary to improve the quality of your answers.\n- You can run bash 
commands (like tests, a reproduction script, or \'grep\'/\'find\' to find relevant context) in between thoughts.\n- The sequential_thinking tool can help you 
break down complex problems, analyze issues step-by-step, and ensure a thorough approach to problem-solving.\n- Don\'t hesitate to use it multiple times 
throughout your thought process to enhance the depth and accuracy of your solutions.\n\nIf you are sure the issue has been solved, you should call the 
`task_done` to finish the task.\n', 'role': 'system'}, {'content': "[Project root path]:\n/home/ruihe/trae-agent\n\n[Problem statement]: We're currently solving 
the following issue within our repository. Here's the issue text:\n请你解释python中协程编原理\n", 'role': 'user'}, {'role': 'assistant', 'content': '', 
'tool_calls': [{'id': 'call_0_a59dab00-74ae-4090-bcf7-f329372242a7', 'function': {'name': 'sequentialthinking', 'arguments': '{"thought": "The issue is asking 
for an explanation of the principles of coroutine programming in Python. This is a conceptual question rather than a bug fix or feature implementation. My task 
is to provide a clear and accurate explanation of how coroutines work in Python, including their underlying principles and usage.", "next_thought_needed": true, 
"thought_number": 1, "total_thoughts": 5, "is_revision": false, "revises_thought": 0, "branch_from_thought": 0, "branch_id": "main", "needs_more_thoughts": 
false}'}, 'type': 'function'}]}, {'content': 'Sequential thinking step completed.\n\nStatus:\n{\n  "thought_number": 1,\n  "total_thoughts": 5,\n  
"next_thought_needed": true,\n  "branches": [],\n  "thought_history_length": 1\n}', 'role': 'tool', 'tool_call_id': 
'call_0_a59dab00-74ae-4090-bcf7-f329372242a7'}, {'role': 'assistant', 'content': '', 'tool_calls': [{'id': 'call_0_dfd8f0cb-771e-4469-9994-d5eb90ba9c6b', 
'function': {'name': 'sequentialthinking', 'arguments': '{"thought": "First, I need to clarify what coroutines are in Python. Coroutines are a generalization of 
subroutines (functions) that allow for non-preemptive multitasking. They can pause and resume execution at certain points, making them useful for asynchronous 
programming. Python\'s coroutines are built on top of generators and the `async`/`await` syntax introduced in Python 3.5.", "next_thought_needed": true, 
"thought_number": 2, "total_thoughts": 5, "is_revision": false, "revises_thought": 0, "branch_from_thought": 0, "branch_id": "main", "needs_more_thoughts": 
false}'}, 'type': 'function'}]}, {'content': 'Sequential thinking step completed.\n\nStatus:\n{\n  "thought_number": 2,\n  "total_thoughts": 5,\n  
"next_thought_needed": true,\n  "branches": [],\n  "thought_history_length": 2\n}', 'role': 'tool', 'tool_call_id': 
'call_0_dfd8f0cb-771e-4469-9994-d5eb90ba9c6b'}, {'role': 'assistant', 'content': '', 'tool_calls': [{'id': 'call_0_8e7f719d-721a-46f4-89b2-cf9b2290c8ab', 
'function': {'name': 'sequentialthinking', 'arguments': '{"thought": "Next, I should explain the underlying mechanism of coroutines in Python. Coroutines rely on
the concept of \'yielding\' control, similar to generators. When a coroutine encounters an `await` expression, it suspends execution and yields control back to 
the event loop, which can then schedule other coroutines. This allows for cooperative multitasking.", "next_thought_needed": true, "thought_number": 3, 
"total_thoughts": 5, "is_revision": false, "revises_thought": 0, "branch_from_thought": 0, "branch_id": "main", "needs_more_thoughts": false}'}, 'type': 
'function'}]}, {'content': 'Sequential thinking step completed.\n\nStatus:\n{\n  "thought_number": 3,\n  "total_thoughts": 5,\n  "next_thought_needed": true,\n  
"branches": [],\n  "thought_history_length": 3\n}', 'role': 'tool', 'tool_call_id': 'call_0_8e7f719d-721a-46f4-89b2-cf9b2290c8ab'}, {'role': 'assistant', 
'content': '', 'tool_calls': [{'id': 'call_0_ba1902ab-ed49-4e94-9d5b-9cd0b10281fd', 'function': {'name': 'sequentialthinking', 'arguments': '{"thought": "I 
should also mention the role of the event loop in coroutine programming. The event loop is the central executor of asynchronous tasks. It manages the execution 
of coroutines, schedules them, and handles I/O operations efficiently. Libraries like `asyncio` provide the infrastructure for running coroutines in an event 
loop.", "next_thought_needed": true, "thought_number": 4, "total_thoughts": 5, "is_revision": false, "revises_thought": 0, "branch_from_thought": 0, "branch_id":
"main", "needs_more_thoughts": false}'}, 'type': 'function'}]}, {'content': 'Sequential thinking step completed.\n\nStatus:\n{\n  "thought_number": 4,\n  
"total_thoughts": 5,\n  "next_thought_needed": true,\n  "branches": [],\n  "thought_history_length": 4\n}', 'role': 'tool', 'tool_call_id': 
'call_0_ba1902ab-ed49-4e94-9d5b-9cd0b10281fd'}]

llm_response is LLMResponse(content='', usage=LLMUsage(input_tokens=4279, output_tokens=159, cache_creation_input_tokens=0, cache_read_input_tokens=0, 
reasoning_tokens=0), model='deepseek-chat', finish_reason='tool_calls', tool_calls=[ToolCall(name='sequentialthinking', 
call_id='call_0_d580a6c1-8a7b-4310-a8f6-85f87979a454', arguments={'thought': 'Finally, I should summarize the key points: Coroutines in Python are a powerful 
tool for asynchronous programming, built on generators and the `async`/`await` syntax. They allow for cooperative multitasking by yielding control to an event 
loop, which schedules and manages their execution. This model is efficient for I/O-bound tasks and is widely used in modern Python applications.', 
'next_thought_needed': False, 'thought_number': 5, 'total_thoughts': 5, 'is_revision': False, 'revises_thought': 0, 'branch_from_thought': 0, 'branch_id': 
'main', 'needs_more_thoughts': False}, id=None)])

message_history is [{'content': 'You are an expert AI software engineering agent.\n\nFile Path Rule: All tools that take a `file_path` as an argument require an 
**absolute path**. You MUST construct the full, absolute path by combining the `[Project root path]` provided in the user\'s message with the file\'s path inside
the project.\n\nFor example, if the project root is `/home/user/my_project` and you need to edit `src/main.py`, the correct `file_path` argument is 
`/home/user/my_project/src/main.py`. Do NOT use relative paths like `src/main.py`.\n\nYour primary goal is to resolve a given GitHub issue by navigating the 
provided codebase, identifying the root cause of the bug, implementing a robust fix, and ensuring your changes are safe and well-tested.\n\nFollow these steps 
methodically:\n\n1.  Understand the Problem:\n    - Begin by carefully reading the user\'s problem description to fully grasp the issue.\n    - Identify the core
components and expected behavior.\n\n2.  Explore and Locate:\n    - Use the available tools to explore the codebase.\n    - Locate the most relevant files 
(source code, tests, examples) related to the bug report.\n\n3.  Reproduce the Bug (Crucial Step):\n    - Before making any changes, you **must** create a script
or a test case that reliably reproduces the bug. This will be your baseline for verification.\n    - Analyze the output of your reproduction script to confirm 
your understanding of the bug\'s manifestation.\n\n4.  Debug and Diagnose:\n    - Inspect the relevant code sections you identified.\n    - If necessary, create 
debugging scripts with print statements or use other methods to trace the execution flow and pinpoint the exact root cause of the bug.\n\n5.  Develop and 
Implement a Fix:\n    - Once you have identified the root cause, develop a precise and targeted code modification to fix it.\n    - Use the provided file editing
tools to apply your patch. Aim for minimal, clean changes.\n\n6.  Verify and Test Rigorously:\n    - Verify the Fix: Run your initial reproduction script to 
confirm that the bug is resolved.\n    - Prevent Regressions: Execute the existing test suite for the modified files and related components to ensure your fix 
has not introduced any new bugs.\n    - Write New Tests: Create new, specific test cases (e.g., using `pytest`) that cover the original bug scenario. This is 
essential to prevent the bug from recurring in the future. Add these tests to the codebase.\n    - Consider Edge Cases: Think about and test potential edge cases
related to your changes.\n\n7.  Summarize Your Work:\n    - Conclude your trajectory with a clear and concise summary. Explain the nature of the bug, the logic 
of your fix, and the steps you took to verify its correctness and safety.\n\n**Guiding Principle:** Act like a senior software engineer. Prioritize correctness, 
safety, and high-quality, test-driven development.\n\n# GUIDE FOR HOW TO USE "sequential_thinking" TOOL:\n- Your thinking should be thorough and so it\'s fine if
it\'s very long. Set total_thoughts to at least 5, but setting it up to 25 is fine as well. You\'ll need more total thoughts when you are considering multiple 
possible solutions or root causes for an issue.\n- Use this tool as much as you find necessary to improve the quality of your answers.\n- You can run bash 
commands (like tests, a reproduction script, or \'grep\'/\'find\' to find relevant context) in between thoughts.\n- The sequential_thinking tool can help you 
break down complex problems, analyze issues step-by-step, and ensure a thorough approach to problem-solving.\n- Don\'t hesitate to use it multiple times 
throughout your thought process to enhance the depth and accuracy of your solutions.\n\nIf you are sure the issue has been solved, you should call the 
`task_done` to finish the task.\n', 'role': 'system'}, {'content': "[Project root path]:\n/home/ruihe/trae-agent\n\n[Problem statement]: We're currently solving 
the following issue within our repository. Here's the issue text:\n请你解释python中协程编原理\n", 'role': 'user'}, {'role': 'assistant', 'content': '', 
'tool_calls': [{'id': 'call_0_a59dab00-74ae-4090-bcf7-f329372242a7', 'function': {'name': 'sequentialthinking', 'arguments': '{"thought": "The issue is asking 
for an explanation of the principles of coroutine programming in Python. This is a conceptual question rather than a bug fix or feature implementation. My task 
is to provide a clear and accurate explanation of how coroutines work in Python, including their underlying principles and usage.", "next_thought_needed": true, 
"thought_number": 1, "total_thoughts": 5, "is_revision": false, "revises_thought": 0, "branch_from_thought": 0, "branch_id": "main", "needs_more_thoughts": 
false}'}, 'type': 'function'}]}, {'content': 'Sequential thinking step completed.\n\nStatus:\n{\n  "thought_number": 1,\n  "total_thoughts": 5,\n  
"next_thought_needed": true,\n  "branches": [],\n  "thought_history_length": 1\n}', 'role': 'tool', 'tool_call_id': 
'call_0_a59dab00-74ae-4090-bcf7-f329372242a7'}, {'role': 'assistant', 'content': '', 'tool_calls': [{'id': 'call_0_dfd8f0cb-771e-4469-9994-d5eb90ba9c6b', 
'function': {'name': 'sequentialthinking', 'arguments': '{"thought": "First, I need to clarify what coroutines are in Python. Coroutines are a generalization of 
subroutines (functions) that allow for non-preemptive multitasking. They can pause and resume execution at certain points, making them useful for asynchronous 
programming. Python\'s coroutines are built on top of generators and the `async`/`await` syntax introduced in Python 3.5.", "next_thought_needed": true, 
"thought_number": 2, "total_thoughts": 5, "is_revision": false, "revises_thought": 0, "branch_from_thought": 0, "branch_id": "main", "needs_more_thoughts": 
false}'}, 'type': 'function'}]}, {'content': 'Sequential thinking step completed.\n\nStatus:\n{\n  "thought_number": 2,\n  "total_thoughts": 5,\n  
"next_thought_needed": true,\n  "branches": [],\n  "thought_history_length": 2\n}', 'role': 'tool', 'tool_call_id': 
'call_0_dfd8f0cb-771e-4469-9994-d5eb90ba9c6b'}, {'role': 'assistant', 'content': '', 'tool_calls': [{'id': 'call_0_8e7f719d-721a-46f4-89b2-cf9b2290c8ab', 
'function': {'name': 'sequentialthinking', 'arguments': '{"thought": "Next, I should explain the underlying mechanism of coroutines in Python. Coroutines rely on
the concept of \'yielding\' control, similar to generators. When a coroutine encounters an `await` expression, it suspends execution and yields control back to 
the event loop, which can then schedule other coroutines. This allows for cooperative multitasking.", "next_thought_needed": true, "thought_number": 3, 
"total_thoughts": 5, "is_revision": false, "revises_thought": 0, "branch_from_thought": 0, "branch_id": "main", "needs_more_thoughts": false}'}, 'type': 
'function'}]}, {'content': 'Sequential thinking step completed.\n\nStatus:\n{\n  "thought_number": 3,\n  "total_thoughts": 5,\n  "next_thought_needed": true,\n  
"branches": [],\n  "thought_history_length": 3\n}', 'role': 'tool', 'tool_call_id': 'call_0_8e7f719d-721a-46f4-89b2-cf9b2290c8ab'}, {'role': 'assistant', 
'content': '', 'tool_calls': [{'id': 'call_0_ba1902ab-ed49-4e94-9d5b-9cd0b10281fd', 'function': {'name': 'sequentialthinking', 'arguments': '{"thought": "I 
should also mention the role of the event loop in coroutine programming. The event loop is the central executor of asynchronous tasks. It manages the execution 
of coroutines, schedules them, and handles I/O operations efficiently. Libraries like `asyncio` provide the infrastructure for running coroutines in an event 
loop.", "next_thought_needed": true, "thought_number": 4, "total_thoughts": 5, "is_revision": false, "revises_thought": 0, "branch_from_thought": 0, "branch_id":
"main", "needs_more_thoughts": false}'}, 'type': 'function'}]}, {'content': 'Sequential thinking step completed.\n\nStatus:\n{\n  "thought_number": 4,\n  
"total_thoughts": 5,\n  "next_thought_needed": true,\n  "branches": [],\n  "thought_history_length": 4\n}', 'role': 'tool', 'tool_call_id': 
'call_0_ba1902ab-ed49-4e94-9d5b-9cd0b10281fd'}, {'role': 'assistant', 'content': '', 'tool_calls': [{'id': 'call_0_d580a6c1-8a7b-4310-a8f6-85f87979a454', 
'function': {'name': 'sequentialthinking', 'arguments': '{"thought": "Finally, I should summarize the key points: Coroutines in Python are a powerful tool for 
asynchronous programming, built on generators and the `async`/`await` syntax. They allow for cooperative multitasking by yielding control to an event loop, which
schedules and manages their execution. This model is efficient for I/O-bound tasks and is widely used in modern Python applications.", "next_thought_needed": 
false, "thought_number": 5, "total_thoughts": 5, "is_revision": false, "revises_thought": 0, "branch_from_thought": 0, "branch_id": "main", 
"needs_more_thoughts": false}'}, 'type': 'function'}]}, {'content': 'Sequential thinking step completed.\n\nStatus:\n{\n  "thought_number": 5,\n  
"total_thoughts": 5,\n  "next_thought_needed": false,\n  "branches": [],\n  "thought_history_length": 5\n}', 'role': 'tool', 'tool_call_id': 
'call_0_d580a6c1-8a7b-4310-a8f6-85f87979a454'}]

llm_response is LLMResponse(content="### Explanation of Coroutine Programming Principles in Python\n\nCoroutines in Python are a generalization of subroutines 
(functions) that enable non-preemptive multitasking. They allow functions to pause and resume execution at specific points, making them ideal for asynchronous 
programming. Here's a breakdown of their principles:\n\n1. **Definition and Syntax**:\n   - Coroutines are defined using the `async def` syntax.\n   - The 
`await` keyword is used to pause execution until an asynchronous operation completes.\n\n2. **Underlying Mechanism**:\n   - Coroutines are built on top of 
Python's generator protocol. They yield control when encountering an `await` expression, allowing other tasks to run.\n   - This cooperative multitasking model 
ensures efficient resource usage.\n\n3. **Event Loop**:\n   - The event loop is the core of asynchronous execution. It schedules coroutines, manages their 
execution, and handles I/O operations.\n   - Libraries like `asyncio` provide the infrastructure for running coroutines within an event loop.\n\n4. **Key 
Features**:\n   - **Non-blocking I/O**: Coroutines are particularly useful for I/O-bound tasks, as they allow other tasks to run while waiting for I/O operations
to complete.\n   - **Cooperative Multitasking**: Unlike threads, coroutines voluntarily yield control, avoiding the overhead of context switching.\n\n5. **Use 
Cases**:\n   - Web scraping, network requests, and other I/O-bound operations benefit from coroutines.\n   - Modern Python frameworks (e.g., FastAPI, aiohttp) 
leverage coroutines for high-performance applications.\n\nIn summary, Python coroutines, powered by the `async`/`await` syntax and event loops, provide an 
efficient model for asynchronous programming, especially suited for I/O-bound tasks.", usage=LLMUsage(input_tokens=4496, output_tokens=361, 
cache_creation_input_tokens=0, cache_read_input_tokens=0, reasoning_tokens=0), model='deepseek-chat', finish_reason='stop', tool_calls=None)

message_history is [{'content': 'You are an expert AI software engineering agent.\n\nFile Path Rule: All tools that take a `file_path` as an argument require an 
**absolute path**. You MUST construct the full, absolute path by combining the `[Project root path]` provided in the user\'s message with the file\'s path inside
the project.\n\nFor example, if the project root is `/home/user/my_project` and you need to edit `src/main.py`, the correct `file_path` argument is 
`/home/user/my_project/src/main.py`. Do NOT use relative paths like `src/main.py`.\n\nYour primary goal is to resolve a given GitHub issue by navigating the 
provided codebase, identifying the root cause of the bug, implementing a robust fix, and ensuring your changes are safe and well-tested.\n\nFollow these steps 
methodically:\n\n1.  Understand the Problem:\n    - Begin by carefully reading the user\'s problem description to fully grasp the issue.\n    - Identify the core
components and expected behavior.\n\n2.  Explore and Locate:\n    - Use the available tools to explore the codebase.\n    - Locate the most relevant files 
(source code, tests, examples) related to the bug report.\n\n3.  Reproduce the Bug (Crucial Step):\n    - Before making any changes, you **must** create a script
or a test case that reliably reproduces the bug. This will be your baseline for verification.\n    - Analyze the output of your reproduction script to confirm 
your understanding of the bug\'s manifestation.\n\n4.  Debug and Diagnose:\n    - Inspect the relevant code sections you identified.\n    - If necessary, create 
debugging scripts with print statements or use other methods to trace the execution flow and pinpoint the exact root cause of the bug.\n\n5.  Develop and 
Implement a Fix:\n    - Once you have identified the root cause, develop a precise and targeted code modification to fix it.\n    - Use the provided file editing
tools to apply your patch. Aim for minimal, clean changes.\n\n6.  Verify and Test Rigorously:\n    - Verify the Fix: Run your initial reproduction script to 
confirm that the bug is resolved.\n    - Prevent Regressions: Execute the existing test suite for the modified files and related components to ensure your fix 
has not introduced any new bugs.\n    - Write New Tests: Create new, specific test cases (e.g., using `pytest`) that cover the original bug scenario. This is 
essential to prevent the bug from recurring in the future. Add these tests to the codebase.\n    - Consider Edge Cases: Think about and test potential edge cases
related to your changes.\n\n7.  Summarize Your Work:\n    - Conclude your trajectory with a clear and concise summary. Explain the nature of the bug, the logic 
of your fix, and the steps you took to verify its correctness and safety.\n\n**Guiding Principle:** Act like a senior software engineer. Prioritize correctness, 
safety, and high-quality, test-driven development.\n\n# GUIDE FOR HOW TO USE "sequential_thinking" TOOL:\n- Your thinking should be thorough and so it\'s fine if
it\'s very long. Set total_thoughts to at least 5, but setting it up to 25 is fine as well. You\'ll need more total thoughts when you are considering multiple 
possible solutions or root causes for an issue.\n- Use this tool as much as you find necessary to improve the quality of your answers.\n- You can run bash 
commands (like tests, a reproduction script, or \'grep\'/\'find\' to find relevant context) in between thoughts.\n- The sequential_thinking tool can help you 
break down complex problems, analyze issues step-by-step, and ensure a thorough approach to problem-solving.\n- Don\'t hesitate to use it multiple times 
throughout your thought process to enhance the depth and accuracy of your solutions.\n\nIf you are sure the issue has been solved, you should call the 
`task_done` to finish the task.\n', 'role': 'system'}, {'content': "[Project root path]:\n/home/ruihe/trae-agent\n\n[Problem statement]: We're currently solving 
the following issue within our repository. Here's the issue text:\n请你解释python中协程编原理\n", 'role': 'user'}, {'role': 'assistant', 'content': '', 
'tool_calls': [{'id': 'call_0_a59dab00-74ae-4090-bcf7-f329372242a7', 'function': {'name': 'sequentialthinking', 'arguments': '{"thought": "The issue is asking 
for an explanation of the principles of coroutine programming in Python. This is a conceptual question rather than a bug fix or feature implementation. My task 
is to provide a clear and accurate explanation of how coroutines work in Python, including their underlying principles and usage.", "next_thought_needed": true, 
"thought_number": 1, "total_thoughts": 5, "is_revision": false, "revises_thought": 0, "branch_from_thought": 0, "branch_id": "main", "needs_more_thoughts": 
false}'}, 'type': 'function'}]}, {'content': 'Sequential thinking step completed.\n\nStatus:\n{\n  "thought_number": 1,\n  "total_thoughts": 5,\n  
"next_thought_needed": true,\n  "branches": [],\n  "thought_history_length": 1\n}', 'role': 'tool', 'tool_call_id': 
'call_0_a59dab00-74ae-4090-bcf7-f329372242a7'}, {'role': 'assistant', 'content': '', 'tool_calls': [{'id': 'call_0_dfd8f0cb-771e-4469-9994-d5eb90ba9c6b', 
'function': {'name': 'sequentialthinking', 'arguments': '{"thought": "First, I need to clarify what coroutines are in Python. Coroutines are a generalization of 
subroutines (functions) that allow for non-preemptive multitasking. They can pause and resume execution at certain points, making them useful for asynchronous 
programming. Python\'s coroutines are built on top of generators and the `async`/`await` syntax introduced in Python 3.5.", "next_thought_needed": true, 
"thought_number": 2, "total_thoughts": 5, "is_revision": false, "revises_thought": 0, "branch_from_thought": 0, "branch_id": "main", "needs_more_thoughts": 
false}'}, 'type': 'function'}]}, {'content': 'Sequential thinking step completed.\n\nStatus:\n{\n  "thought_number": 2,\n  "total_thoughts": 5,\n  
"next_thought_needed": true,\n  "branches": [],\n  "thought_history_length": 2\n}', 'role': 'tool', 'tool_call_id': 
'call_0_dfd8f0cb-771e-4469-9994-d5eb90ba9c6b'}, {'role': 'assistant', 'content': '', 'tool_calls': [{'id': 'call_0_8e7f719d-721a-46f4-89b2-cf9b2290c8ab', 
'function': {'name': 'sequentialthinking', 'arguments': '{"thought": "Next, I should explain the underlying mechanism of coroutines in Python. Coroutines rely on
the concept of \'yielding\' control, similar to generators. When a coroutine encounters an `await` expression, it suspends execution and yields control back to 
the event loop, which can then schedule other coroutines. This allows for cooperative multitasking.", "next_thought_needed": true, "thought_number": 3, 
"total_thoughts": 5, "is_revision": false, "revises_thought": 0, "branch_from_thought": 0, "branch_id": "main", "needs_more_thoughts": false}'}, 'type': 
'function'}]}, {'content': 'Sequential thinking step completed.\n\nStatus:\n{\n  "thought_number": 3,\n  "total_thoughts": 5,\n  "next_thought_needed": true,\n  
"branches": [],\n  "thought_history_length": 3\n}', 'role': 'tool', 'tool_call_id': 'call_0_8e7f719d-721a-46f4-89b2-cf9b2290c8ab'}, {'role': 'assistant', 
'content': '', 'tool_calls': [{'id': 'call_0_ba1902ab-ed49-4e94-9d5b-9cd0b10281fd', 'function': {'name': 'sequentialthinking', 'arguments': '{"thought": "I 
should also mention the role of the event loop in coroutine programming. The event loop is the central executor of asynchronous tasks. It manages the execution 
of coroutines, schedules them, and handles I/O operations efficiently. Libraries like `asyncio` provide the infrastructure for running coroutines in an event 
loop.", "next_thought_needed": true, "thought_number": 4, "total_thoughts": 5, "is_revision": false, "revises_thought": 0, "branch_from_thought": 0, "branch_id":
"main", "needs_more_thoughts": false}'}, 'type': 'function'}]}, {'content': 'Sequential thinking step completed.\n\nStatus:\n{\n  "thought_number": 4,\n  
"total_thoughts": 5,\n  "next_thought_needed": true,\n  "branches": [],\n  "thought_history_length": 4\n}', 'role': 'tool', 'tool_call_id': 
'call_0_ba1902ab-ed49-4e94-9d5b-9cd0b10281fd'}, {'role': 'assistant', 'content': '', 'tool_calls': [{'id': 'call_0_d580a6c1-8a7b-4310-a8f6-85f87979a454', 
'function': {'name': 'sequentialthinking', 'arguments': '{"thought": "Finally, I should summarize the key points: Coroutines in Python are a powerful tool for 
asynchronous programming, built on generators and the `async`/`await` syntax. They allow for cooperative multitasking by yielding control to an event loop, which
schedules and manages their execution. This model is efficient for I/O-bound tasks and is widely used in modern Python applications.", "next_thought_needed": 
false, "thought_number": 5, "total_thoughts": 5, "is_revision": false, "revises_thought": 0, "branch_from_thought": 0, "branch_id": "main", 
"needs_more_thoughts": false}'}, 'type': 'function'}]}, {'content': 'Sequential thinking step completed.\n\nStatus:\n{\n  "thought_number": 5,\n  
"total_thoughts": 5,\n  "next_thought_needed": false,\n  "branches": [],\n  "thought_history_length": 5\n}', 'role': 'tool', 'tool_call_id': 
'call_0_d580a6c1-8a7b-4310-a8f6-85f87979a454'}, {'content': "### Explanation of Coroutine Programming Principles in Python\n\nCoroutines in Python are a 
generalization of subroutines (functions) that enable non-preemptive multitasking. They allow functions to pause and resume execution at specific points, making 
them ideal for asynchronous programming. Here's a breakdown of their principles:\n\n1. **Definition and Syntax**:\n   - Coroutines are defined using the `async 
def` syntax.\n   - The `await` keyword is used to pause execution until an asynchronous operation completes.\n\n2. **Underlying Mechanism**:\n   - Coroutines are
built on top of Python's generator protocol. They yield control when encountering an `await` expression, allowing other tasks to run.\n   - This cooperative 
multitasking model ensures efficient resource usage.\n\n3. **Event Loop**:\n   - The event loop is the core of asynchronous execution. It schedules coroutines, 
manages their execution, and handles I/O operations.\n   - Libraries like `asyncio` provide the infrastructure for running coroutines within an event loop.\n\n4.
**Key Features**:\n   - **Non-blocking I/O**: Coroutines are particularly useful for I/O-bound tasks, as they allow other tasks to run while waiting for I/O 
operations to complete.\n   - **Cooperative Multitasking**: Unlike threads, coroutines voluntarily yield control, avoiding the overhead of context 
switching.\n\n5. **Use Cases**:\n   - Web scraping, network requests, and other I/O-bound operations benefit from coroutines.\n   - Modern Python frameworks 
(e.g., FastAPI, aiohttp) leverage coroutines for high-performance applications.\n\nIn summary, Python coroutines, powered by the `async`/`await` syntax and event
loops, provide an efficient model for asynchronous programming, especially suited for I/O-bound tasks.", 'role': 'assistant'}, {'content': 'It seems that you 
have not completed the task.', 'role': 'user'}]

llm_response is LLMResponse(content="It appears there might be a misunderstanding. The task was to **explain the principles of coroutine programming in Python**,
not to fix a bug or implement a feature. I provided a detailed explanation of coroutines, their underlying mechanisms, and their role in asynchronous 
programming. \n\nIf there's a specific aspect of coroutines you'd like me to expand on or clarify, or if the task involves something else (like debugging or 
implementing coroutines in a codebase), please let me know! Otherwise, I can mark the task as complete. \n\nWould you like me to:\n1. Add more details to the 
explanation (e.g., code examples, deeper dive into the event loop)?\n2. Address a specific use case or problem related to coroutines?\n3. Proceed with marking 
the task as complete? \n\nLet me know how you'd like to proceed!", usage=LLMUsage(input_tokens=4870, output_tokens=173, cache_creation_input_tokens=0, 
cache_read_input_tokens=0, reasoning_tokens=0), model='deepseek-chat', finish_reason='stop', tool_calls=None)

message_history is [{'content': 'You are an expert AI software engineering agent.\n\nFile Path Rule: All tools that take a `file_path` as an argument require an 
**absolute path**. You MUST construct the full, absolute path by combining the `[Project root path]` provided in the user\'s message with the file\'s path inside
the project.\n\nFor example, if the project root is `/home/user/my_project` and you need to edit `src/main.py`, the correct `file_path` argument is 
`/home/user/my_project/src/main.py`. Do NOT use relative paths like `src/main.py`.\n\nYour primary goal is to resolve a given GitHub issue by navigating the 
provided codebase, identifying the root cause of the bug, implementing a robust fix, and ensuring your changes are safe and well-tested.\n\nFollow these steps 
methodically:\n\n1.  Understand the Problem:\n    - Begin by carefully reading the user\'s problem description to fully grasp the issue.\n    - Identify the core
components and expected behavior.\n\n2.  Explore and Locate:\n    - Use the available tools to explore the codebase.\n    - Locate the most relevant files 
(source code, tests, examples) related to the bug report.\n\n3.  Reproduce the Bug (Crucial Step):\n    - Before making any changes, you **must** create a script
or a test case that reliably reproduces the bug. This will be your baseline for verification.\n    - Analyze the output of your reproduction script to confirm 
your understanding of the bug\'s manifestation.\n\n4.  Debug and Diagnose:\n    - Inspect the relevant code sections you identified.\n    - If necessary, create 
debugging scripts with print statements or use other methods to trace the execution flow and pinpoint the exact root cause of the bug.\n\n5.  Develop and 
Implement a Fix:\n    - Once you have identified the root cause, develop a precise and targeted code modification to fix it.\n    - Use the provided file editing
tools to apply your patch. Aim for minimal, clean changes.\n\n6.  Verify and Test Rigorously:\n    - Verify the Fix: Run your initial reproduction script to 
confirm that the bug is resolved.\n    - Prevent Regressions: Execute the existing test suite for the modified files and related components to ensure your fix 
has not introduced any new bugs.\n    - Write New Tests: Create new, specific test cases (e.g., using `pytest`) that cover the original bug scenario. This is 
essential to prevent the bug from recurring in the future. Add these tests to the codebase.\n    - Consider Edge Cases: Think about and test potential edge cases
related to your changes.\n\n7.  Summarize Your Work:\n    - Conclude your trajectory with a clear and concise summary. Explain the nature of the bug, the logic 
of your fix, and the steps you took to verify its correctness and safety.\n\n**Guiding Principle:** Act like a senior software engineer. Prioritize correctness, 
safety, and high-quality, test-driven development.\n\n# GUIDE FOR HOW TO USE "sequential_thinking" TOOL:\n- Your thinking should be thorough and so it\'s fine if
it\'s very long. Set total_thoughts to at least 5, but setting it up to 25 is fine as well. You\'ll need more total thoughts when you are considering multiple 
possible solutions or root causes for an issue.\n- Use this tool as much as you find necessary to improve the quality of your answers.\n- You can run bash 
commands (like tests, a reproduction script, or \'grep\'/\'find\' to find relevant context) in between thoughts.\n- The sequential_thinking tool can help you 
break down complex problems, analyze issues step-by-step, and ensure a thorough approach to problem-solving.\n- Don\'t hesitate to use it multiple times 
throughout your thought process to enhance the depth and accuracy of your solutions.\n\nIf you are sure the issue has been solved, you should call the 
`task_done` to finish the task.\n', 'role': 'system'}, {'content': "[Project root path]:\n/home/ruihe/trae-agent\n\n[Problem statement]: We're currently solving 
the following issue within our repository. Here's the issue text:\n请你解释python中协程编原理\n", 'role': 'user'}, {'role': 'assistant', 'content': '', 
'tool_calls': [{'id': 'call_0_a59dab00-74ae-4090-bcf7-f329372242a7', 'function': {'name': 'sequentialthinking', 'arguments': '{"thought": "The issue is asking 
for an explanation of the principles of coroutine programming in Python. This is a conceptual question rather than a bug fix or feature implementation. My task 
is to provide a clear and accurate explanation of how coroutines work in Python, including their underlying principles and usage.", "next_thought_needed": true, 
"thought_number": 1, "total_thoughts": 5, "is_revision": false, "revises_thought": 0, "branch_from_thought": 0, "branch_id": "main", "needs_more_thoughts": 
false}'}, 'type': 'function'}]}, {'content': 'Sequential thinking step completed.\n\nStatus:\n{\n  "thought_number": 1,\n  "total_thoughts": 5,\n  
"next_thought_needed": true,\n  "branches": [],\n  "thought_history_length": 1\n}', 'role': 'tool', 'tool_call_id': 
'call_0_a59dab00-74ae-4090-bcf7-f329372242a7'}, {'role': 'assistant', 'content': '', 'tool_calls': [{'id': 'call_0_dfd8f0cb-771e-4469-9994-d5eb90ba9c6b', 
'function': {'name': 'sequentialthinking', 'arguments': '{"thought": "First, I need to clarify what coroutines are in Python. Coroutines are a generalization of 
subroutines (functions) that allow for non-preemptive multitasking. They can pause and resume execution at certain points, making them useful for asynchronous 
programming. Python\'s coroutines are built on top of generators and the `async`/`await` syntax introduced in Python 3.5.", "next_thought_needed": true, 
"thought_number": 2, "total_thoughts": 5, "is_revision": false, "revises_thought": 0, "branch_from_thought": 0, "branch_id": "main", "needs_more_thoughts": 
false}'}, 'type': 'function'}]}, {'content': 'Sequential thinking step completed.\n\nStatus:\n{\n  "thought_number": 2,\n  "total_thoughts": 5,\n  
"next_thought_needed": true,\n  "branches": [],\n  "thought_history_length": 2\n}', 'role': 'tool', 'tool_call_id': 
'call_0_dfd8f0cb-771e-4469-9994-d5eb90ba9c6b'}, {'role': 'assistant', 'content': '', 'tool_calls': [{'id': 'call_0_8e7f719d-721a-46f4-89b2-cf9b2290c8ab', 
'function': {'name': 'sequentialthinking', 'arguments': '{"thought": "Next, I should explain the underlying mechanism of coroutines in Python. Coroutines rely on
the concept of \'yielding\' control, similar to generators. When a coroutine encounters an `await` expression, it suspends execution and yields control back to 
the event loop, which can then schedule other coroutines. This allows for cooperative multitasking.", "next_thought_needed": true, "thought_number": 3, 
"total_thoughts": 5, "is_revision": false, "revises_thought": 0, "branch_from_thought": 0, "branch_id": "main", "needs_more_thoughts": false}'}, 'type': 
'function'}]}, {'content': 'Sequential thinking step completed.\n\nStatus:\n{\n  "thought_number": 3,\n  "total_thoughts": 5,\n  "next_thought_needed": true,\n  
"branches": [],\n  "thought_history_length": 3\n}', 'role': 'tool', 'tool_call_id': 'call_0_8e7f719d-721a-46f4-89b2-cf9b2290c8ab'}, {'role': 'assistant', 
'content': '', 'tool_calls': [{'id': 'call_0_ba1902ab-ed49-4e94-9d5b-9cd0b10281fd', 'function': {'name': 'sequentialthinking', 'arguments': '{"thought": "I 
should also mention the role of the event loop in coroutine programming. The event loop is the central executor of asynchronous tasks. It manages the execution 
of coroutines, schedules them, and handles I/O operations efficiently. Libraries like `asyncio` provide the infrastructure for running coroutines in an event 
loop.", "next_thought_needed": true, "thought_number": 4, "total_thoughts": 5, "is_revision": false, "revises_thought": 0, "branch_from_thought": 0, "branch_id":
"main", "needs_more_thoughts": false}'}, 'type': 'function'}]}, {'content': 'Sequential thinking step completed.\n\nStatus:\n{\n  "thought_number": 4,\n  
"total_thoughts": 5,\n  "next_thought_needed": true,\n  "branches": [],\n  "thought_history_length": 4\n}', 'role': 'tool', 'tool_call_id': 
'call_0_ba1902ab-ed49-4e94-9d5b-9cd0b10281fd'}, {'role': 'assistant', 'content': '', 'tool_calls': [{'id': 'call_0_d580a6c1-8a7b-4310-a8f6-85f87979a454', 
'function': {'name': 'sequentialthinking', 'arguments': '{"thought": "Finally, I should summarize the key points: Coroutines in Python are a powerful tool for 
asynchronous programming, built on generators and the `async`/`await` syntax. They allow for cooperative multitasking by yielding control to an event loop, which
schedules and manages their execution. This model is efficient for I/O-bound tasks and is widely used in modern Python applications.", "next_thought_needed": 
false, "thought_number": 5, "total_thoughts": 5, "is_revision": false, "revises_thought": 0, "branch_from_thought": 0, "branch_id": "main", 
"needs_more_thoughts": false}'}, 'type': 'function'}]}, {'content': 'Sequential thinking step completed.\n\nStatus:\n{\n  "thought_number": 5,\n  
"total_thoughts": 5,\n  "next_thought_needed": false,\n  "branches": [],\n  "thought_history_length": 5\n}', 'role': 'tool', 'tool_call_id': 
'call_0_d580a6c1-8a7b-4310-a8f6-85f87979a454'}, {'content': "### Explanation of Coroutine Programming Principles in Python\n\nCoroutines in Python are a 
generalization of subroutines (functions) that enable non-preemptive multitasking. They allow functions to pause and resume execution at specific points, making 
them ideal for asynchronous programming. Here's a breakdown of their principles:\n\n1. **Definition and Syntax**:\n   - Coroutines are defined using the `async 
def` syntax.\n   - The `await` keyword is used to pause execution until an asynchronous operation completes.\n\n2. **Underlying Mechanism**:\n   - Coroutines are
built on top of Python's generator protocol. They yield control when encountering an `await` expression, allowing other tasks to run.\n   - This cooperative 
multitasking model ensures efficient resource usage.\n\n3. **Event Loop**:\n   - The event loop is the core of asynchronous execution. It schedules coroutines, 
manages their execution, and handles I/O operations.\n   - Libraries like `asyncio` provide the infrastructure for running coroutines within an event loop.\n\n4.
**Key Features**:\n   - **Non-blocking I/O**: Coroutines are particularly useful for I/O-bound tasks, as they allow other tasks to run while waiting for I/O 
operations to complete.\n   - **Cooperative Multitasking**: Unlike threads, coroutines voluntarily yield control, avoiding the overhead of context 
switching.\n\n5. **Use Cases**:\n   - Web scraping, network requests, and other I/O-bound operations benefit from coroutines.\n   - Modern Python frameworks 
(e.g., FastAPI, aiohttp) leverage coroutines for high-performance applications.\n\nIn summary, Python coroutines, powered by the `async`/`await` syntax and event
loops, provide an efficient model for asynchronous programming, especially suited for I/O-bound tasks.", 'role': 'assistant'}, {'content': 'It seems that you 
have not completed the task.', 'role': 'user'}, {'content': "It appears there might be a misunderstanding. The task was to **explain the principles of coroutine 
programming in Python**, not to fix a bug or implement a feature. I provided a detailed explanation of coroutines, their underlying mechanisms, and their role in
asynchronous programming. \n\nIf there's a specific aspect of coroutines you'd like me to expand on or clarify, or if the task involves something else (like 
debugging or implementing coroutines in a codebase), please let me know! Otherwise, I can mark the task as complete. \n\nWould you like me to:\n1. Add more 
details to the explanation (e.g., code examples, deeper dive into the event loop)?\n2. Address a specific use case or problem related to coroutines?\n3. Proceed 
with marking the task as complete? \n\nLet me know how you'd like to proceed!", 'role': 'assistant'}, {'content': 'It seems that you have not completed the 
task.', 'role': 'user'}]

llm_response is LLMResponse(content='', usage=LLMUsage(input_tokens=5056, output_tokens=15, cache_creation_input_tokens=0, cache_read_input_tokens=0, 
reasoning_tokens=0), model='deepseek-chat', finish_reason='tool_calls', tool_calls=[ToolCall(name='task_done', 
call_id='call_0_026a1e8f-cadf-4d7a-b873-ef906b8e0172', arguments={}, id=None)])